Dad, who are you trying to trick?
Where can dad recruit? Let's catch that person this time.
Be sure to shrink him down well. Sorry first, it looks like Ding Lei.
I won’t help you.
Those who are about to get off the bus will follow. It really doesn’t stop after passing this station.
He didn't show up this time.
It should also be caught in a cycle.
But if he is the murderer,
How can I fix the car without getting in the car?
If he is not the murderer, does it make sense?
If he is not the murderer
Then why did the car explode before?
Including his damn sales
Could it be that my reasoning was wrong?
Does he just want to get out of the loop?
The real murderer is not him
It shouldn't be that simple
I want to see this time
Will it explode?
It's a dangerous car. Get in the car quickly.
The car is about to explode
I want to get off